# Software-project-management
Scratch to fully deployed software project management modeling based on various management models for the following scenarios:

1.The Good Eats Inc. is a discount food store chain that caters to customers who desire good prices and convenience. The management of Good Eats wishes to implement an enterprise  resource  planning  (ERP)  system  that  links  the  local  stores,  regional warehouses,  suppliers  and  headquarters.  Management  requires  that  each  sale  at  each store's   cash   registers   (ie.,   the   point-of-sale   (POS)   transactions)   and   the   online shopping  and  delivery  services  be  tracked  by  an  inventory  system.  Each  regional warehouse  will  use  the  inventory  system  to  communicate  with  all  its  suppliers. Headquarters will access the ERP system through a web interface and use it to acquire all  local  stores'  sales  data  and  customer  community  for  reporting  and  marketing purposes. Each local store will update the inventory system which will automatically determine  and  create  store  orders  (SO)  to  replenish  its  stock  items.  The  store  orders will  be  submitted  on  a  bi-weekly  basis  electronically  to  its  regional  warehouse.  The regional  warehouse  will  automatically  determine  when  to  submit  a  Resupply  Order (RO)  to  its  suppliers  to  replenish  its  stock  items.  Additionally,  there  is  an  online shopping and delivery service provided by each local store. A Delivery Order (DO) is automatically  generated  for  each  customer  order  and  the  inventory  system  updated. The inventory system will also keep a record of all local stores’ online customers. The headquarters  component  of  the  ERP  system  will  maintain  a  corporate-wide  view  of sales  and  inventory  levels.  Monthly  and  quarterly  management  reports  will  be generated that will summarize the above details for the respective timeperiod.

2.Software  personnel  management  system  allows  employees  to  record  time  card electronically and automatically generates pay slips based on numberof hours worked and total amount of sales. The system will run on individual employee desktops where the employee can access and edit only their personal details. The system will maintain information  on  the  employee  in  the  company  in  order  to  calculate  the  payroll.  The employees will also be able to know from the system, the number of hours worked per day  and  total  of  all  hours  spent  on  a  project  and  total  pay  received  year-to-date  etc. Payroll  administrators   keep  track  of  all  the   information  including  adding  new employees, deleting employees, and edit information and run reports. The system will generate  records  and  performance  report  of  the  employees.  Develop  a  system thatallows  Administrator  to  manage  its  employee  in  a  better  way.  When  needed,  it will  take  just  a  few  second  to  find  out  the  background  of  an  employee  and  his/her contribution  to  the  organization,  it  will  also  facilitate  keeping  all  the  records  of employee.  So  all  the  information  about  an  employee  will  be  available  in  a  few seconds, it will also make it very easy to generate statistical data or custom data, line finding a certain set ofemployee.
